>>> What is Git?
Git is a tool that helps you manage your code.
It keeps track of what you changed, when you changed it, and who changed it.
You can also go back to an older version of your code if something breaks.

>>> Advantages of Using Git
1. Tracks changes: Git remembers every change made to your files.
2. Go back to old versions: If your code breaks, you can return to a previous working version.
3. Work safely: You can try new ideas without damaging the main project.
4. Team collaboration: Many people can work on the same project at the same time.
5. Backup of code: Your code is safe and not lost easily.
6. Free and fast: Git is free and works very fast even for big projects.

>>> What is a Version Control System (VCS)?
A Version Control System is a tool that keeps track of changes in files over time.
It helps you:
1. Save different versions of a project
2. See what changed and who changed it
3. Go back to an older version if something goes wrong

>>> What’s the difference between Git and GitHub?
(Git)
1. Git is a version control tool used to track changes in code.
2. It works offline on your computer.
3. It helps you go back to previous versions of your project.
(GitHub)
1. GitHub is an online platform that stores Git projects.
2. It helps developers share and collaborate on code.
3. It works as a cloud backup for your code.

>>> Name a few Git commands with their function
1. git init: Creates a new Git repository in a project.
2. git status: Shows the current state of files (changed, added, or untracked).
3. git add: Adds files to the staging area.
4. git commit: Saves changes with a message.
5. git push: Uploads local commits to GitHub.
6. git pull: Downloads latest changes from GitHub.

>>> Difference between git fetch and git pull
(git fetch)
1. Downloads latest changes from the remote repository.
2. Does not change your local code.
3. Allows you to review changes before merging.
(git pull)
1. Downloads latest changes from the remote repository.
2. Automatically merges changes into your local branch.
3. Directly updates your working code.

git init
git add .
git commit -m "---"
